Update gas-txn-fee.md for AIP-32 (#10030)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/concepts/gas-txn-fee.md

  - It is measured in Gas Units whose price may fluctuate according to the load of the network. This allows execution & io costs to be low when the network is less busy.
2. Storage fees
  - This covers the cost to persistently store validated record in the distributed blockchain storage.

>   - It is measured in fixed APT prices, so permanent storage cost stays stable while the gas unit price fluctuates with transient load of the network.
>   - Storage Fee is refundable upon deletion of the allocated storage space, fully or partially, depending on the size and age of the occupied storage space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It is measured in fixed APT prices, so the permanent storage cost stays stable even as the gas unit price fluctuates with the network's transient load.
  - The storage fee can be refunded when the allocated storage space is deleted. The refund amount may be full or partial, based on the size and duration of the storage used.
```

👉 A **unit of gas** is a dimensionless number or a unit that is not associated with any one item such as a coin, expressed as an integer. The total gas units consumed by your transaction depend on the complexity of your transaction. The **gas price**, on the other hand, is expressed in terms of Aptos blockchain’s native coin (Octas). Also see [Transactions and States](txns-states.md) for how a transaction submitted to the Aptos blockchain looks like.
:::

## The Fee Statement

> Starting from Aptos Framework release 1.7, the break down of the fee charges and refund relavent to a user transaction is represented by struct `0x1::transaction_fee::FeeStatement` and emitted as a module event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Aptos Framework release 1.7, the breakdown of fee charges and refunds relevant to a user transaction is represented by struct `0x1::transaction_fee::FeeStatement` and emitted as a module event.
```

We are aware of the confusion this might create, and plan to present these as separate items in the future. However this will require some changes to the transaction output format and downstream clients, so please be patient while we work hard to make this happen.

## Calculating Storage Deletion Refund

If a transaction deletes state items, a refund is issued to the transaction payer for the released storage slots. Currently a full refund for the fee charged for the slot is issued, not including any fee charged for the execess bytes beyond a configurable quota (for e.g. 1KB). There's no refund for storage fee charged for event emittions.

> Note that the amount of refund is in APT value, and is not converted to gas units or reflected as part of the total `gas_used`. The amount is separately represented in the `storage_fee_refund_octas` field of the [`FeeStatement`](#the-fee-statement). As a result, the net effect of a transaction to the transaction payer's APT balance is `gas_used * gas_unit_price - storage_refund` -- a charge off the account balance if this number is positive or a deposit if it's negative. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The amount of refund is in APT value, and is not converted to gas units or reflected as part of the total `gas_used`. The amount is separately represented in the `storage_fee_refund_octas` field of the [`FeeStatement`](#the-fee-statement). As a result, a transactions net effect of to the transaction payer's APT balance is `gas_used * gas_unit_price - storage_refund` -- a charge off the account balance if this number is positive or a deposit if it's negative. 
```

> Note that the amount of refund is in APT value, and is not converted to gas units or reflected as part of the total `gas_used`. The amount is separately represented in the `storage_fee_refund_octas` field of the [`FeeStatement`](#the-fee-statement). As a result, the net effect of a transaction to the transaction payer's APT balance is `gas_used * gas_unit_price - storage_refund` -- a charge off the account balance if this number is positive or a deposit if it's negative. 

Author: sent manual commit since this conflicts with David's suggestion.

Thanks @saharct
